---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome"
date:   2015-04-09 21:44:00
categories: news
tags: featured

---

Welcome everyone! I don't have much to say right now, other than a bit about me, so here we go. 

I'm iOS and OS X Developer. I've been developing with Objective-C since OS X 10.3 Panther. I became interested in development and started messing around with Xcode and Interface Builder, and from then on, the rest became history. WWDC 2014, Apple released a new programming language, Swift. This has become my new favourite language to write in. I've become much quicker with creating projects and getting things up and running. Swift is still pretty new and has some issues, but Apple has been working on it and with the release of Swift 1.2, you can definitely see this is the future. Keep up the good work Apple!

So whats with this blog? Well, there is more to me than just development; I like to design in Photoshop and Sketch.app, as well as taking pictures. So, to briefly explain what I will be doing with this blog is pretty simple, I'll be sharing my experiences, tips, tricks, how-to's, reviews and all sorts of stuff. I'm not much of a writer, so bare with me on this. I've learned so much in the past and I decided I want to start sharing it with everyone.

Anything else? Sure is! I have a bunch of stuff I have been working (development wise) and a few things that I haven't touched in a while so I have decided to start getting these projects together and open sourcing them. With each major project I decide to open up and share, I will be writing a post, big or small about it.

So thats just about it, for now. I may update this in the future with some other stuff, but I think this is good for now!

---
I've added this to the about page as well, but I needed a first post, right?